Auditlog integration tests (#1250)
kyma-incubator/compass: tests/director/external-services-mock-integration/README.md

#  External Services Mock integration tests

> External Services Mock tests check a contract between Compass and external services. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
External Services Mock tests check a contract between Compass and external services. Currently, the tests cover the audit log scenario. 
```

> External Services Mock tests are supposed to test a contract between compass and external services. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
External Services Mock tests check a contract between Compass and external services. 
```

> ## Auditlog test scenario

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Audit log test scenario

The audit log test performs the following operations:
```

> ## Auditlog test scenario

Reviewer: Let's discuss

> - Register an application through Compass Gateway

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Register an application through the Compass Gateway.
```

> - Get an auditlog from the mock service based on the application's name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Get an audit log from the mock service based on the application's name
```

> - Get an auditlog from mock service based on application's name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Get an auditlog from the mock service based on the application's name
```

> - Compare the auditlog with the request for registering the application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Compare the audit log with the request for registering the application.
```

> - Compare the auditlog with the request for registering application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Compare the auditlog with the request for registering the application
```

> ## Development

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Development

```

> ## How to run test locally

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Development
```

Reviewer: ... or Usage

To run the test locally, set these environment variables:

> | Name   |      Description      |  Default value |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Environment variable   |      Description      |  Default value |
```

|----------|:-------------:|------:|

> | DIRECTOR_URL |  URL to Compass Director | `https://compass-gateway.kyma.local/director` |

Reviewer: Please put all the variables in **bold**.

> | DIRECTOR_URL |  URL to Compass Director | `https://compass-gateway.kyma.local/director` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| DIRECTOR_URL |  URL to the Director | `https://compass-gateway.kyma.local/director` |
```

| **USER_EMAIL** |    Dex static user email   |   `admin@kyma.cx` |

> | **USER_PASSWORD** |    Dex static user password   |   - |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **USER_PASSWORD** |    Dex static user password   |  None |
```

| DEFAULT_TENANT | Default tenant value |    `3e64ebae-38b5-46a0-b1ed-9ccee153a0ae` |
| DOMAIN | Kyma domain name |    `kyma.local` |

> | AUDITLOG_MOCK_BASE_URL | URL to auditlog service | - |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| AUDITLOG_MOCK_BASE_URL | URL to the auditlog service | - |
```

> | **AUDITLOG_MOCK_BASE_URL** | URL to the auditlog service | - |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **AUDITLOG_MOCK_BASE_URL** | URL to the audit log service | None |
```

> Then run `go test ./... -count=1 -v` inside the `./tests/director/external-services-mock-integration` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After specyfing the environment variables, run `go test ./... -count=1 -v` inside the `./tests/director/external-services-mock-integration` directory.
```

#  External Services Mock integration tests

External Services Mock tests check a contract between Compass and external services. Currently, the tests cover the audit log scenario. 

## Audit log test scenario

The audit log test performs the following operations:
1. Register an application through the Compass Gateway.
2. Get an audit log from the mock service based on the application's name
3. Compare the audit log with the request for registering the application.

## Development

To run the test locally, set these environment variables:

| Environment variable   |      Description      |  Default value |

> |----------|:-------------:|------:|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|----------|-------------|:------:|
```
